Psalm 91 he who dwells in the secret
place of the Most High shall abide under
the shadow of the Almighty
I will say of the Lord he is my refuge
and my fortress my god in him I will
trust surely he shall deliver you from
the snare of the Fowler and from the
perilous pestilence he shall cover you
with his feathers and under his wings
you shall take refuge his truth shall be
your shield and buckler you shall not be
afraid of the terror by night nor of the
arrow that flies by day nor of the
pestilence that walks in darkness nor of
the destruction that lays waste at
noonday a thousand make all at your side
and ten thousand at your right hand but
it shall not come near you only with
your eyes shall you look and see the
reward of the wicked because you have
made the Lord who is my refuge even the
most high your dwelling place no evil
shall befall you nor shall any plague
come near your dwelling or he shall give
his angels charge over you to keep you
in all your ways in their hands they
shall bear you up lest you dash your
foot against a stone you shall tread
upon the lion and the Cobra a young lion
and the serpent you shall trample
underfoot
because he has set his love upon me
therefore I will deliver him I will set
him on high because he has known my name
he shall call upon me and I will answer
him I will be with him in trouble I will
deliver him and honor him with long life
I will satisfy him and show him my
salvation
[Music]